add port name (#915)
knative/client: docs/cmd/kn_service_create.md

  # Create a service with port 80
  kn service create s2 --port 80 --image knativesamples/helloworld

  # Create a service with port 80 and port name h2c

>   kn service create s2 --port h2c:80 --image knativesamples/helloworld  

Reviewer: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion
  kn service create s2 --port h2c:80 --image knativesamples/helloworld
```

      --no-cluster-local              Do not specify that the service be private. (--no-cluster-local will make the service publicly available) (default true)
      --no-lock-to-digest             Do not keep the running image for the service constant when not explicitly specifying the image. (--no-lock-to-digest pulls the image tag afresh with each new revision)
      --no-wait                       Do not wait for 'service create' operation to be completed.

>   -p, --port string                   The port where application listens on. (e.g., h2c:8080 or just 8080) where h2c is port name and 8080 is container port

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  -p, --port string                   The port where application listens on, in the format 'NAME:PORT', where 'NAME' is optional. Examples: '--port h2c:8080' , '--port 8080'.
```
